Hello,

The following submission has been created.

Track Name: EAIT2024

Paper ID: 97

Paper Title: IoMT-based Point-of-Care Testing for PCOS Diagnosis using Dempster Shafer Theory of Evidence

Abstract:
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a significant health
problem common in many women globally in their fertile ages. Also,
PCOS is associated with greater risks of developing life-threatening and
long term health issues, as their body is unresponsive to the produced
insulin properly. Hence, early identification and appropriate medical help
at the outset will lower the risk of developing long-term complications
related to PCOS. Diagnosing PCOS is not always simple and straightforward. Complexity associated with the diagnostic process has increased
due to multifarious symptoms and probable deviation in the conditions.
Thus, depending solely on pelvic ultrasound is not adequate to make
complete diagnosis of PCOS. Other detection criteria are also required
to secure a comprehensive diagnosis of PCOS. Our research in this paper
addresses smart diagnosis of PCOS from various data with the integration of internet of Medical Things (IoMT) based point of care testing
(POCT) technologies. With the help of this architecture, remote patient
monitoring and "on-spot" support of patients is possible in real-time. In
this work, we have adopted Dempster-Shafer-Theory of Evidence (DSTE) for fusing data accumulated from several sources to derive a conclusion
about PCOS diagnosis. The result reveals a substantially high percentage
of accuracy (up to 96.67%).

Created on: Wed, 30 Aug 2023 04:55:50 GMT

Last Modified: Wed, 30 Aug 2023 04:55:50 GMT

Authors:
     - tamosa.hit.it@gmail.com (Primary)
     - arpan069.hitit2020@gmail.com 
     - nashreen@aliah.ac.in 

Secondary Subject Areas: Not Entered
Submission Files:     IoMT_based_Point_of_Care_Testing_for_PCOS_Diagnosis_using_Dempster_Shafer_Theory_of_Evidence (1).pdf (632 Kb, Wed, 30 Aug 2023 04:55:37 GMT) 

Submission Questions Response: Not Entered  

Thanks,
CMT team.
